[Saul] Get back! Get back!
[firefighter]
The World Trade Center,
Tower Number One is on fire.
[Carrie] I missed something
once before, I won't…
I can't let that happen again.
An American prisoner
of war has been turned.
You're a disgrace
to your nation,
Sgt. Nicholas Brody.
You're a traitor
and a terrorist,
and now it's time
to pay for that.
Are you accusing me
of something?
[Yevgeny] You really
do not remember?
[Carrie] Remember what?
[Jim] We may be dealing with
a compromised officer here.
[Saul] You had a
relationship complicated
enough to lie about.
[Carrie]
Yeah, it's complicated.
I lost seven months of my life.
…to my Russian handler?
[Joe] Is our strategy working?
[Saul] And you will become
the focus of an investigation
that will define
the rest of your life.
[Carrie] That not every
problem in the Middle East
deserves a military solution.
Because this whole country
went stupid crazy after 9/11.
[Saul]
Carrie, you're not yourself.
[Carrie] I'm still putting
the pieces together.
[Saul] Please, God,
tell me you have it.
[Quinn] Is there
no fucking line?
[Saul] I believe you.
No one else will.
[Jenna] Looking more
and more like Kohat
is where they're headed.
[Mike] How far out are they?
[Alan] About an hour,
hour-and-a-half.
What did Islamabad say about
getting an exfil team there?
Working on it.
The soonest would be
late tonight.
That means Carrie
beats them there
So they grab her at 3:00 a.m.
Assuming we know where she is.
Who grabs her?
-Who grabs her?
-Welcome back, sir.
Why don't we take this
into my office?
Fuck your office.
Answer the goddamn question.
A team of special operators
on their way from the capital.
-Stand them down.
-I can't do that.
She would be right here
right now
if only somebody had
bothered to tell me
the plan was to take
her into hard custody.
The plan was to send her
back to Germany
five days ago
on your orders, sir.
Instead she broke custody,
reached out to a GRU colonel,
and is now in full flight.
Oh, she's not running.
You know it, we all know it.
Honestly, I have no idea
what she's doing,
and neither does the FBI,
who was counting on
getting some answers
from her in person.
First, she was trying to rescue
Max Piotrowski.
Now she's after
the flight recorder
he lost his life for.
-The flight recorder?
-You heard me.
If a team is headed to Kohat,
that's what they should be
searching for,
not Carrie Mathison.
With respect,
you'll have to take that up
with the White House.
Oh, you can
fucking count on it.
Well, they want
you back in Washington.
What?
You've been recalled, sir.
Car.
[Carrie sighs]
[car rumbles past]
How much further?
A hundred kilometers or so.
[sighs]
[indistinct chatter]
[computer beeps]
Alan. They're there.
[Alan sighs]
-I was afraid of that.
-What now?
They're spending
the night somewhere.
Make a grid
of the immediate area
and go over it
quadrant by quadrant
for signs of where they went.
-Copy that.
-I'll let Mike know.
Follow me.
[Hayes on TV]
Jalal Haqqani is operating
out of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
region of your country.
We call on you now
to arrest him
and hand him over,
or we will come
and get him ourselves.
[newscaster]
Still no official response
from the prime
minister's office,
but sources tell CNB
that any violation
of Pakistan's sovereignty
will be treated
as an act of war.
The White House also stated
it will not make public
the footage that
allegedly proves
Jalal Haqqani's
guilt over national…
[door unlocks]
We could be headed
towards an all-out war
with a nuclear power.
Get some rest.
It's been a hell of a day.
I've got some Ambien in my bag
if you want some.
[Carrie] I'll be all right.
-I could open my own pharmacy.
-[bag drops on floor]
It…
It was a mistake
not telling you
about the flight
recorder sooner.
I'm sorry.
Before, it was personal.
It was all about
finding my friend.
I couldn't think past that.
But now…
You don't think Jalal Haqqani
shot down that helicopter,
do you?
No.
Who then?
What if nobody did?
What if it was pilot error
or mechanical failure
or bad weather?
Is that what you think?
Yeah.
There is evidence
of maintenance issues
with some of the
Black Hawk fleet.
[exhales softly]
Is there anything else
you want to tell me?
No.
I think I'm
fresh out of secrets.
I'll be in the next room
if you need anything.
-Okay.
-Just bang on the wall.
[both chuckle]
-Okay.
-I'm gonna miss you.
Good night.
[lock clicks, door opens]
[speaking local language]
[car door closes]
[Aziz] So you know
we have summoned
your daughter repeatedly,
and she ignores us.
Aziz, please, sit.
Where is she?
Don't insult me. Sit.
[sighs]
Tasneem is not ignoring you.
She's gone to the mountains
to meet with Jalal.
[sighs]
We are in this situation
because of her incompetence.
First, she loses
control of Haqqani.
Now the son.
-[cutlery clatters]
-Well, not to worry.
My daughter will talk
some sense into him.
Not to worry?
We are facing direct American
military action in our country.
That will never happen.
It's the same as bin Laden.
The Americans will raise their
voices, fly their drones,
spend their time and money
hunting couriers and bagmen.
They will not invade us
for failing to produce someone
we say we cannot find.
[engine rumbling]
Tasneem.
Where is he?
I will take you to him.
That wasn't our agreement.
Tell them to give us privacy.
They have only Pashto.
You can say what you want.
How could you?
You allowed Jalal
to control the shura?
And you just stood there?
He's the son.
He was nothing,
and now he's threatening
to start a war.
You were Haqqani's right hand.
You could have stopped Jalal.
I did what had to be done
to keep the Taliban intact.
I'm not Haqqani.
No, you're not.
So take me to Jalal.
You will come with me.
But your driver stays.
[both speaking Urdu]
[turns engine on]
[indistinct chatter]
[man] Is very cheap.
Come on, take it.
[both speaking local language]
[machine gunfire]
[relieved sighs]
Jesus, they're testing
the merchandise.
They scared the shit out of me.
Anything?
A beautiful Turco-Mongol dagger
from the 13th century.
-You?
-No, nothing.
Where to now?
There's another bazaar
a couple blocks over.
-Are you sure Max said Kohat?
-I'm positive.
There's a thriving arms market
between here and the border.
You think maybe it got sold
along the way?
If somebody recognizes it
for what it is.
Pardon me, Captain Sahib.
Pardon me.
Get lost.
Permit me to interrupt
your afternoon.
Go away.
I know what you're looking for.
And I know where it is.
-Where?
-Follow me.
[knocking on door]
[lock clicks]
Welcome, my friends. Welcome.
You've come to the right place.
[door closes]
[lock clicks]
This way, please.
[keys jingling]
[lock clicks]
This is where
I keep the electronics.
You are looking
for a flight recorder.
Any particular era?
I have four.
The only four in all of Kohat.
[objects clattering]
This one here
is my personal favorite.
From a KC-135 Stratotanker
that went down
in Kyrgyzstan in 2013,
killing all three crew members.
We were hoping
for something more recent.
More recent?
Say, within the last 72 hours.
From an incident
just across the border.
Kindly answer me something.
Who's speaking here, please?
Is this an official request?
-Does it matter?
-[man] It does to me.
Anything of a sensitive nature
must be reported
to the ISI immediately,
or one risks
losing one's license.
We are private citizens,
if that's what you're asking.
You are Russian.
She's American.
That doesn't sound
entirely private to me.
Do you have what
we're looking for or not?
I do not.
[Carrie] What about
word on the street?
It would have arrived in town
yesterday or the day before.
I've heard nothing.
[thuds]
Saul, appreciate you coming
straight from the plane,
especially after traveling
halfway around the world.
-Mr. President.
-Hmm. Please
-Saul.
-David.
-[Hayes] And
you know John Zabel.
-By reputation.
Sit.
[sighs] You're aware
I've asked John to come aboard
as my special advisor
on Afghanistan.
I am. Although I must admit
I find it strange.
What's that?
Soliciting advice from someone
who's never stepped
foot in the country.
Well, no one's denying your
experience, Saul,
but right now
it's obscuring the simple truth
of what we're up against.
-[inhales] With respect, sir.
-[Hayes] Hmm.
Afghanistan is the
opposite of simple.
[John] A week ago,
we were attacked.
The President of the United
States was assassinated.
It doesn't get
any simpler than that.
He's right, Saul.
The American people
deserve justice.
No question.
In fact, they're demanding it.
I understand, sir.
But that doesn't justify
misrepresenting intelligence
or marginalizing the officers
who produced it.
What are you talking about?
What's he talking about, John?
The Jalal video, Mr. President.
He's about to tell you
not to believe what you saw
with your own eyes.
Why shouldn't I believe it?
Because it's
raw intelligence, sir.
It hasn't been professionally
vetted or put into context.
We're all aware of the role
analysts play
in the process, Saul.
The video is one
point of information.
There are any number of reasons
Jalal Haqqani might
want to claim
responsibility for shooting
down that helicopter.
Like what?
[Saul] Consolidating his power,
to fill the vacuum
created by his father's death.
[John] What do you think,
that the President didn't
cycle through all of this?
Didn't consider that Jalal's
performance at the shura
might have been just that,
a performance.
Of course he did.
Only the President's arrived
at a different conclusion.
Haven't you, sir?
[sighs] Yes.
I have.
What about Pakistan then?
What about it?
The corner you've put them in.
The question isn't
whether or not
they'll hand over
Jalal Haqqani.
It's whether or not they can.
[Hayes] Let me
field that one, John.
[sighs] The Pakistanis
have a decision to make.
Either they stop providing
a safe haven for the enemy
or face the consequences.
These are proud people,
Mr. President.
They won't tolerate an invasion
or an occupying army
for that matter.
Proud is one thing.
Harboring the man who killed an
American president is another.
-[Saul sighs]
-Amen to that.
You might have said
something in there.
To what end?
You fucking kidding?
He announced the policy, Saul,
to the entire nation.
No way he's
reversing course today.
-It's madness.
-Welcome to my world.
It's worse than madness.
A week ago,
we were on the verge
of a comprehensive peace deal.
Saul.
All I'm saying is, from now on
we have to pick and choose
our battles carefully.
You should've warned me.
I didn't even know
you were back in town,
until you walked into the Oval.
Jesus.
[Yevgeny]
We should take a break.
Let's do the last three
shops on this street first.
-It won't take long.
-[sighs]
[cell phone ringing]
It's Saad.
You go ahead.
Maybe he and Victor
are having better luck.
[indistinct chatter
in local language]
[chatter continues]
-How much?
-A thousand rupees.
That's a lot of rupees
for a used rucksack.
Can you tell me
something about it?
U.S. Army. Standard issue.
But this is no place
to go hiking, young lady.
I'm not interested in a hike.
I'm interested in
what was inside this when
it came into your shop,
the contents.
-The contents?
-Yes.
There was nothing.
It was empty.
Carrie.
Quickly, in the back.
You too, now.
There's a team searching
the market.
They don't look local.
Is there a way out back?
Into the alley, yes.
Saad is on his way.
He'll meet you
at the top of the street.
I will take the team
in the other direction.
We were never here.
You understand?
Just tell me, have you
reported it to the ISI already?
-Reported what?
-You know damn well.
I'm afraid I don't.
What was in that rucksack,
the flight recorder.
-Where is it?
-I don't know.
Well, then I have no choice
but to report you
to the ISI myself.
[sighs]
You're too late.
I sold it not two hours ago.
-To who?
-A broker I work with.
Tell him I'll pay
ten times what he did.
I'm not sure that's possible.
He may not even
be in Kohat anymore.
Find him, convince him,
and I'll give you
a finder's fee
on top of what
he already paid you.
Say yes or no.
Yes.
[sighs] I'll meet you
back here at midnight.
This way. Hurry.
[speaking Pashto]
[door closes]
You asked for an audience.
Have we really come to this,
hooding me like
a barnyard animal?
My men protect their emir.
That is what you wanted for me,
isn't it?
[inhales]
Do you realize
what you've done,
provoking the Americans?
I didn't realize
there was a spy in the shura.
I'm taking care of that.
The Americans are threatening
Pakistan because of you.
Because they think
you've killed their president.
And who are you
to say I didn't?
Who am I?
I'm the one who picked you up
from the gutter
when your father threw you out,
who bandaged your feet,
sat with you as you wept.
I'm the one whose father
created your father
and the one who chose you
to take his place.
And now I'm the one giving you
your only chance to survive,
by going to ground.
You mean run.
Hide?
Call it what you want.
My father fought from these
mountains for decades.
You will not provoke war
with the Americans, Jalal.
You will do exactly
what I tell you,
or you leave me no choice
but to hunt you down
and replace you
with someone who does.
No.
No?
You think you control us.
But you have that backwards.
Where are you going, Jalal?
Jalal?
Jalal!
[indistinct chatter]
[overlapping chatter]
[Jalal] The last time
you tried to drive us
from the mountains…
we killed a thousand
of your officers.
We're twice as strong now.
[men cheering]
[men chanting]
This is why I will never run
and why you will never
come for me.
So spare me your empty threats,
and I will spare you an army
of martyrs on your streets.
[cheering continues]
[man chanting]
Jalal! Jalal! Jalal!
[knock on door]
What the hell took you so long?
I had to make sure I lost them.
[speaking Russian]
-[door closes]
-Did you just tell him
to pack his bags?
[Yevgeny] We're leaving,
Carrie, now.
No, we're not.
Eight men are hunting you.
Those are only
the ones we counted.
[exhales sharply]
Why don't we just lay low
for a couple of days?
-Wait them out.
-They know we're close.
I can't risk another
confrontation.
We only need a few more hours
to finish the search.
We don't even know if the damn
thing is here or not, do we?
No. No, we don't.
That's right.
So grab you stuff, we're going.
-Hold on.
-What?
Tell me.
What if… [sighs]
-What if--
-Carrie.
Just… [gulps]
[breathing heavily]
You said Saad had a contact
inside the local police
department, right?
Yeah. So?
[Jenna] Night, Mike.
-Good night.
-[indistinct chatter]
Any word?
Just missed her apparently.
-Now she knows we're looking.
-Yeah.
Which will make her
harder to find.
[scoffs] Yeah.
See you in the morning.
[cell phone ringing, beeps]
Hello?
[Carrie over phone]
Jenna, I need you
to listen carefully.
-Carrie?
-I've got a lead
on the Chalk Two
flight recorder.
-Where are you?
-You know
exactly where I am.
And before you bring
Mike into this,
just hear me out.
[Carrie breathes deeply]
[Jenna sighs]
You played me.
All that bullshit about
trusting me to find Max.
Saul and Mike
ordered me stateside.
I had no choice.
Except to work
with a GRU officer.
Yevgeny Gromov found Max.
Not you, not Mike.
So suspend the fucking judgment
for a second, okay?
Jenna?
Yeah.
The exfil team
that's looking for me in Kohat,
I need to know
where they're safe-housed.
What?
-You heard me.
-[Jenna] You know
I can't do that.
Yes, you can, and you must.
Once I get my hands
on the flight recorder,
I need a way to get it
to Islamabad safely.
So you'll turn yourself in
at the safe house?
Is that what you're saying?
Yes. [sighs]
-[sighs deeply]
-Look, I know you have
no reason to trust me,
but I swear to you,
I am telling the truth.
You are putting me
in an impossible position.
Because you can handle it.
And because this
could very well determine
whether or not we go
to war with Pakistan.
I'll call you back.
[sighs]
[cell phone clatters]
I think we're good.
You were good.
Your story was clever,
convincing.
Saad's guy at the precinct,
he knows we only need them
held for 24 hours, right?
Relax, he knows.
Everything's taken care of.
Easy for you to say.
You're not the one
selling out your own people.
Nobody's selling out anybody.
You're just buying some time,
and you're doing it
for all the right reasons.
Okay.
You trust yourself
in the moment.
Your instincts.
I like that.
Why? How do you do it?
Me?
[inhales] I'm more
of a planner.
-Speaking of planning…
-Hmm.
I've been wondering
about something.
What?
That day outside
G'ulom's office…
was that a coincidence,
or did you arrange for us
to run into each other?
[phone vibrating]
Hello?
[Jenna over phone]
Umair Asgher Road.
The yellow house north of
Ghareeb Tabah Boys Hostel.
You did the right thing, Jenna.
[cell phone beeps]
I'm on it.
[door opens, closes]
He's entrenched, Abba.
He's consolidated power so much
faster than I thought possible.
If he will not listen
to reason,
then he must be taken out,
root and branch.
I'm afraid the result
will be the same
as the last time we tried to
"discipline" the Taliban.
We've learned
from our mistakes.
Agreed. But Jalal will
have also learned,
and now he has
Moscow's support, too.
So we are to be dictated to
by a child in a cave?
One-third of my officers
wear their beards fist-length.
How many in General Aziz's
ranks do the same?
Protect Jalal,
and we protect ourselves.
There is no other way.
What about the Americans?
General Aziz must
answer their threats
with threats of our own.
The strongest possible terms.
[Mike] Let's widen
the aperture.
We've got a dozen birds up
over that sector.
What's taking so long?
[Alan] We're going
as fast as we can.
We got a visual.
[knocking]
-[Mike] Where's the director?
-Still on hold.
-Parker.
-Here, sir.
We're waiting
to hear back from HQ.
-[knocking]
-Sir, they're at the door.
[pounding]
Either we fight our way out
or we stand down.
[indistinct shouting on screen]
What's going on?
The exfil team from Kohat.
Local police made
their safe house.
[Parker] We're outgunned,
four-to-one by my count,
-but we can give them a fight.
-[Mike] Negative.
[Parker] Your call.
[pounding]
[over screen] Sir?
-Stand down.
-[Parker] Copy.
Stand down.
[sighs] Damn it.
[sighs]
[indistinct chatter]
[exhales]
[sighs]
[on TV] The burden
is on Pakistan's leadership
to surrender Jalal Haqqani.
In the event
this does not happen,
the United States Carrier
Strike Group 5
has begun a two-week
theater combat rehearsal
in the Arabian Sea,
and four additional marine
infantry battalions
are on their way to the region.
[cell phone ringing]
-These are…
-[news mutes]
-Hello?
-[Carrie over phone]
Saul, it's me.
Are the sanctuary protocols
still operational?
As far as I know. Why?
And waterproof?
I need the latest black bank
account numbers and passwords.
-What's going on, Carrie?
-[Carrie] I'm in Kohat.
I've got a lead
on the flight recorder.
Tell me.
I'll know more in 15 minutes,
but you have to get me
access to those funds.
[Saul] Where's Yevgeny?
He's out of the picture
for the moment.
Keep it that way,
no telling what could happen
if he gets his hands on it.
How much you need?
A million at least.
Anything over six figures
involves multiple
authorizations.
Well, then make
it a dollar less.
I'll see what I can do.
Call you back.
[cell phone beeps]
[knocking]
[locks clicks]
[softly] Come, come in.
[lock clicks]
You're late.
Nice to see you again, too.
Where is your Russian friend?
Waiting for me
to get back safely.
Tell me this isn't the man you
were talking about, the broker.
No.
Well, is he here or not?
[man] I'm here.
The question is, who are you?
Better company than you're used
to keeping, I would say.
Hmm.
So where is it?
I was told you would have it
here with you.
-First, some ground rules--
-No, first I get to see it.
Diamonds or gold pieces only.
I can accept nothing else.
Go fuck yourself.
What's the problem?
We make the deal tonight.
You arrange payment tomorrow.
The problem is I'm not giving
you the time
to see if I'm worth more
than what you're selling.
It either happens now
or not at all.
How are you
going to pay me then?
A dark web wire transfer
to the account of your choice.
-You come prepared.
-I do.
[unzips the bag]
[exhales softly]
Leave us.
You'll want to authenticate it?
Yes.
[typing]
-All good.
-[man] As advertised.
How much do you want?
What can you afford?
Just so you know,
there are intelligence agencies
all over the world
looking for this,
some just as likely
to put a bullet in
your brain as pay for it.
$2 million, US.
Not to mention
the people you work for.
I'm betting you haven't
breathed a word of this
to them either.
I can give you half that much.
$1.5.
One million,
take it or leave it.
Okay.
I need a minute.
[cell phone beeps]
[line ringing]
I just sent you an email
with a link and a password.
-What's happening?
-[Carrie] I'm looking
at it right now.
-Have you listened yet?
-No.
-[Saul] Let me know
when you do.
-All right, I will.
[phone screen locked]
[typing]
All I need
is your account number.
[cell phone chimes]
Okay.
Are we done?
-We're done.
-Good.
Now get the fuck outta here.
[typing]
[pilot over recorder]
Eight mikes out of Steedley.
[co-pilot over recorder]
Altitude, two-zero.
Airspeed, 160 knots.
[pilot]
Heading zero-three-zero.
[co-pilot]
Low cloud cover coming in.
[pilot] Let's keep
an eye on it.
[static crackling,
alarm beeping]
-[co-pilot] Hold on a sec.
-[pilot] What you got?
[recoding paused]
-Easy now.
-Yevgeny, please, I--
[shushes]
Play it forward.
Go ahead.
[recoding resumes]
-[alarm beeping]
-[co-pilot]
Chip light, engine two.
Something in the oil filter.
Oh, shit.
[beeping]
[co-pilot] What's the call?
[pilot] Gotta put her down.
Closest LZ?
[co-pilot] Still Steedley.
[alarm beeping]
Fire light, engine two.
Killing two. Fire lever pulled.
[pilot]
Dropping the collective.
Starting autorotation.
-[alarm beeping]
-Find me a fucking
place to land.
[co-pilot] Still blind.
I can't see shit.
[pilot] Going to PAVE.
We're losing rotor speed.
[co-pilot] Going to PAVE.
-[co-pilot] Zero viz.
-[pilot] Gear down.
[alarm beeping intensifies]
[pilot] Brace for impact!
Brace for impact!
[crash, electronic whine]
Oh, my God.
[exhales]
Fucking helicopters.
-So what happens now?
-I don't know, you tell me.
Help me get this to
the American Embassy
in Islamabad.
Why would I do that?
I don't know. [scoffs]
Maybe because
you're a good guy
after all. [chuckles softly]
Am I?
You definitely
have a good side.
Plus, you get
something in return.
What's that?
I'll owe you for a change.
You walk into that embassy,
I'll never see you again.
That's not true.
I'm not saying I'll betray
my country, I won't,
but in between
the black and white,
there is a lot of gray. A lot.
I don't believe you.
Why not?
I mean, you're operating there
right now yourself, helping me,
and what has it cost you
or Russia?
Nothing.
Surely we can make a mutually
beneficially arrangement.
Aren't you sick of it? [sighs]
The bad bosses,
the even worse leaders,
both our countries
in the toilet.
I don't know, maybe…
Maybe it is too late,
maybe we're too brainwashed
by our own sides, but…
don't we know better?
Couldn't…
Couldn't we do better?
What?
Our own private network, huh?
Wouldn't that be nice?
Is it so far-fetched?
We're halfway there already.
You lied to me.
No, I didn't.
I didn't, I told you just
as much as you needed to know.
You would have done
exactly the same.
In fact, you did do the same.
What do you mean?
What else happened
at the asylum, Yevgeny?
What, we walked in the woods,
we talked,
we had lots in common?
You just happened to show up
the day I tried to hang myself?
Give me a fucking break.
You said you wanted to pick up
where we left off.
Which is it, yes or no? Decide.
I know I have.
[breathing heavily]
[gasping]
[exhales]
Hey, hey. Not here.
[both panting]
Islamabad first.
Okay?
Okay.
Hey, give me a hand, will you?
Sorry, baby.
Saad, Victor!
[speaking Russian]
[cell phone ringing]
-Carrie.
-[Wellington] No, it's David.
The President's headed
to the Sit Room.
-What's going on?
-There's activity
at one of Pakistan's
nuclear garrisons.
[sighs]
[Scott] This last image
shows a NASR system
atop a mobile launcher vehicle.
At least six such vehicles
can be seen here
leaving the Pano Aqil garrison
two hours ago
and heading north
to the Afghan border.
How many missiles per system?
Four, each with a range
of approximately 60 miles
and carrying a five kiloton
battlefield nuclear weapon.
[John] They were
developed as a deterrent
against an all-out ground
invasion by India,
but no one seriously
believes that Pakistan
will ever use them.
That's because no one
thinks India would ever be
stupid enough to invade.
It's a clear response to our
troop surge on the border, sir.
You said Pakistan
would back down.
They will.
They better.
In the meantime,
I agree with General Owens.
Let's get planes in the air
ready to go.
If we're gonna wind up striking
those mobile missile launchers,
we're gonna need
the element of surprise.
[Carrie groans weakly]
[footsteps receding]
[clicks switch]
[door closes]